# Cybersecurity-Portfolio
A Portfolio for show my progress and achievements in cybersecurity
"About Me"
My name is Adam Lee Wright. 
I'm from lafayette, Indiana, United States of America.
I'm new to the IT security field. There are numerous different things that draw to this field, but the top three are the people, passion, and the challenges.I'm a people person and I love great people. I have found through working in the event and party field, that some of the most open, committed, and friendly people work in the IT security field. I feel the better the people are that you work with the better you will be. I also love the the diversity of the people you meet in the IT security field. I feel being around diverse people help me be more diverse in my ways and understanding. Which helps become better in all my ways, and helps be become better to. The second thing that really attracts me to the IT security field is the passion the people have and the passion it takes to really be succesful in the field. I'm a passionate person so I love being around passionate people, I also try to get people passionate about things that will move them forward. I find it really refilling and fulfilling being around passionate people. I'm drawn to the It security field because it's a challenging field. For yourself and the work. I've always have done better and become better working in challenging fields.
My goals after completing the cyber security course is to find employment in the field, continue learning and taking other IT security courses to further my education and experience. My plan is to get a job at a componies help desk and build up from there. I eventually want to become a senior project manager for a major company.
A experience I'm really proud of was being a main contributor to the event staffing company I worked for to become the number one event staffing company in Atlanta during the recession, when there were literally no lines of credit, and literally had to beg, barter, or steal to get anything done. The experience stands out because how much I grew, personally, spiritually, and in psychology. I went from nothing to something in a really, really competitive field which I new nothing about and was told you wouldn't be in the field long. The experice also sticks out to me so much because I was able to help, lift up, and inspire so many people around me. The field really opened me up, and change me for the positive in countless way.
